RHDHBUGS-2957:Document Breaking Change/Known Issue when upgrading from 1.8.5 to 1.8.6 (#2109)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/extend_orchestrator-in-rhdh/proc-resolve-pod-startup-failure-when-upgrading-to-rhdh-1-8-6-with-orchestrator.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="resolve-pod-startup-failure-when-upgrading-to-rhdh-1-8-6-with-orchestrator_{context}"]
= Resolve pod startup failure when upgrading to {product-very-short} 1.8.6 with Orchestrator

[role="_abstract"]

> Update Orchestrator plugin versions in the `dynamic-plugins` ConfigMap to match the default {product-very-short} 1.8.6 configuration (version 1.8.12). This enables automatic integrity hash inference and resolves pod startup failures during upgrade from 1.8.5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure successful pod startup during a product upgrade, update the Orchestrator plugin versions in your configuration. This manual update enables the Orchestrator to automatically infer integrity hashes and prevents configuration errors.
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
InstallException: No integrity hash provided for Package @redhat/backstage-plugin-orchestrator@1.8.9
----

.Procedure

. Edit the `dynamic-plugins` ConfigMap to update the Orchestrator plugin version to `1.8.12`:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit configmap dynamic-plugins-rhdh -n <your_namespace>
----

. Update the plugin versions in the ConfigMap:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: dynamic-plugins-rhdh
data:
  dynamic-plugins.yaml: |
    includes:
      - dynamic-plugins.default.yaml
    plugins:
      - package: "@redhat/backstage-plugin-orchestrator@1.8.12"
        disabled: false
      - package: "@redhat/backstage-plugin-orchestrator-backend-dynamic@1.8.12"
        disabled: false
        dependencies:
          - ref: sonataflow
      - package: "@redhat/backstage-plugin-scaffolder-backend-module-orchestrator-dynamic@1.8.12"
        disabled: false
      - package: "@redhat/backstage-plugin-orchestrator-form-widgets@1.8.12"
        disabled: false
----

. Save and close the ConfigMap. The {product-very-short} pods restart automatically.

.Verification

> . Wait for the {product-very-short} pods to restart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Monitor the status of the  {product-very-short}  pods to ensure they restart:
```

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="resolve-pod-startup-failure-when-upgrading-to-rhdh-1-8-6-with-orchestrator_{context}"]
= Resolve pod startup failure when upgrading to {product} 1.8.6 with Orchestrator

[role="_abstract"]

> Update the `dynamic-plugins` ConfigMap to provide required integrity hashes and complete your upgrade from 1.8.5 to 1.8.6. This resolves pod startup failures caused by missing integrity hashes in Orchestrator plugin version 1.8.9.

Reviewer 2: Hmm... this is a bit misleading IMO. The user is not directly providing the required integrity hashes. What they need to do is actually matching the Orchestrator plugins versions with what's in the default RHDH configuration (1.8.12), so that the integrity hashes can be automatically inferred by the plugins installer from the default configuration.
